We shouldn't let our shareholders be the ones risking everything, should we?
Could it be that Gwen and Irene are teaming up together to swindle us out of our own shares?
Jumping imposter, get out of here!
Are you crazy?
I don't think she likes you.
Are you trying to get rid of me because you know I'm the real Irene?
The real Irene wouldn't have got the password incorrect.
You're just making excuses.
Oh, if you're so sure, why don't we raise the stakes?
Look ahead.
I'm scared?
If I enter the password correctly, you have to wear a specially designed costume that says
Friend Beaching Beach and Pose for the Media.
I'm sure I can get you the headline as the CEO of Admiral.
If I enter it incorrectly, then I'll pose a nude for the media.
How about that? Or is the big star too scared to take you to the bed?
Hi.
Now you're lying.
Gwen doesn't have a password.
I don't.
If I fail, you still stand by me.
Let me say I was your surplus.
Irene, you'll watch over me and Daniel, right?
It was Mom's first. I got it right.
How is that possible?
So, uh, ladies and gentlemen, as per our bet, one of your shares in mine.
Thank you.
As the majority shareholder of Admiral, I'm now in full control of the company.
Who teamed up with her to swindle us out of our shares, didn't you?
No.
It was your plan all over.
No, it wasn't.
Don't come up to me. Go up to them.
No, no.
Don't have money, Robbie.
I know.
I know you.
Tell them I can't.
Aren't you happy, darling?
You've become what he's ours now and what mine is yours, right?
This woman to prove that she's not the real Irene.
No, no, no, no.
How do you see her as an integrity?
Guys, I can see.
Miles, please.
Nothing to say now, do you?
It's just a DNA report.
Hey, we can all get lucky guessing passwords, but DNA doesn't lie.
Exactly.
The DNA report will prove that I am the real Irene.
Oh, just give up.
I secretly took your hair.
You had no time to switch the samples.
I would advise not to open that.
You're only going to embarrass yourself.
See, shall we?
I don't care who you are and over my assets.
Who am I?
I'm your wife, the CEO of Admiral Entertainment.
I'm Irene.
Well, don't blame me when you hit rock bottom.
You're committed to serious fraud.
Let's make no mistake.
But I'll make sure you've been up in the worst prison in ever.
Shall we have a look?
It says here, the DNA match.
It's 99%.
Ms. Jada, I think you've made a mistake.
Exactly what you're trying to prove.
How is this possible?
As you say you were a hundred percent sure last night.
I never failed my operations.
My strategies were all I know.
Whatever you mean, I made a mistake.
Something to it wrong.
This can't be wrong.
Enough of this nonsense!
Keep shooting.
Take more pictures.
Capture the elegance of the upper class.
You are!
No, if it's a good idea to go follow Gwen's plans alone.
But I need to see what he's up to.
What if Gwen sees you?
Someone seems to be playing the role of Gwen's wife a little too well.
Oh.
Here's my puppy getting jealous already.
You have nothing to worry about.
Gwen is dangerous.
I'd like you to worry.
Does he really care about me?
Or am I just a replacement for Irene?
Quick!
Hide.
Fuck are you?
There's no way you're Irene.
I'm Irene Gwen.
I'm your wife.
You wanna be Irene?
Fine.
Maybe you two fuck the same.
Do you want me to show you a favorite position?
Just to get you started?
Get off me.
You fucking reek.
I'm not sleeping with a two-pump chump.
Fucking bitch!
No, whoever you want, you're really starting to press me up!
Honey!
You're hurting me.
You've drunk too much wine.
You need to sober up.
Why?
Great idea.
The anti-classical 2016.
You're great, you know what I'm saying.
You see Irene?
This is all because of you.
Ever since I threw you off that balcony, I felt so good!
What are you implying?
What am I implying?
Well, I am a man.
And you are the CEO.
You have no idea how difficult it was coming into that workplace.
Having you as the superior of life.
Did I report it into?
I built that company from the ground up.
Where were you when I was working 80 hour weeks?
You're so entitled.
It's disgusting.
Shut up!
You're my wife!
And you belong to me.
And so does the company.
Yeah?
You're a psychopath.
And just remember, you do, I mean, you do have one advantage.
And that's right between your legs.
And just remember, every success that you've had,
from when you decided to swim.
Oh, shut up!
You're disgusting!
How would I even have a marry-all like you?
I don't understand.
You just want me to disappear, is that it?
Um...
Oh, my darling.
What exactly?
I...
Shh.
Firstly, I went my company back.
And then you can fuck up back to where you came from.
Piding something?
Forgotten what?
Fucking thing.
Even if you do remember, once I get rid of you,
you'll remember nothing at all, will you?
A two-part.
Is that all this is?
Are you just protecting me to make yourself feel better about what happened to my sister?
It's over, Mary.
I'm not gonna let him hurt you like you did to worry.
Yeah, but if I wasn't playing Irene,
would you still have saved me?
Am I crying?
Daniel, I thought you and I were just a game,
but am I really starting to fall in love with you?
I'll tell you this.
I'll be back.
I'll continue being Mary's assistant.
The Wardsbury family expects you to formally take over as the CEO of the Family Corporation.
And I far refuse.
Let never refuse to recognize you as the Duke of Woodbury.
Even if I'm not the Duke,
I can still reclaim the company back for Irene.
And St. Gwen and Jade are to hell.
But sir, you need to consider Miss Mary.
The Elders won't allow a woman to hold you back.
If they decide to, eliminate her.
If I don't return, Mary could really be in danger.
Fine.
Tell them I'll come back.
Forgive me, sir, but you've never gone to such lengths for Miss Irene before.
Mary isn't Irene and she never will be.
I will reclaim the company back for Irene.
I would ever cost.
He's just using me to help my sister.
This ring represents the glory of my family and my feelings for you, Mary.
Where this ring, no one can hurt you.
Take this ring.
What does this mean?
That ring will protect you.
Are you leaving me, Daniel?
I have some matters to handle, so I can't be your sister anymore.
Because you only want to be Irene's assistant, right?
I heard it all.
To reclaim the company for Irene at any cost.
Just a pawn to you, aren't I?
You don't care about me at all.
I know who you really want to give the ring to.
Yeah, you want to give the ring to my sister Irene, right?
No, Mary.
She's the one you truly love.
I'm just like a shadow.
No, Mary.
You are no one's shadow.
You are unique.
I care about you so much.
Oh, yeah, tell me why you're leaving then.
I can't explain right now.
At the moment, I can.
I promise you, I will tell you everything.
Yeah, I thought we were in this together.
Tell me now.
I thought we were a team, but now you're hiding things from me.
You really don't care about me at all.
No, it's not true.
Get out.
Our relationship was just a game and I don't want to play with you.
It's just a game and I don't want to play anymore.
Okay, just leave.
What are you doing, you silly cow?
Stop drinking.
We'll give it back.
No, no, no, you fell in love.
Bitch, I'm struggling by chances of stardom.
The whole world thinks I'm a chute.
What do you not understand though about a fake DNA test?
You had one job.
You screwed us both out of the company.
Don't blame me.
You're no better.
Irene's man, slave.
Coming from you, fucking bestie leech.
Slave and a leech make quite the pair, huh?
Shut up.
Those are supporting your family.
You'll lose a gambling father would have sold you off a long time again.
She mentioned that best it's new.
Is that all you've got?
You ought to start behaving yourself madam.
You'll be out on the streets where you belong.
And why?
Irene's man, just remember.
Was that your plan?
Invite me into a members club that you thought I wouldn't get into.
Pathetic.
Darling, it's really so nice that you did it.
Honey, aren't you so sweet to Jada always?
Did you just have a chat, shall we?
I want some wine as well.
Let's cut the small talk and settle the bet.
I feel bad headache.
I feel a little bit sick.
I don't think I could fulfill the terms of the bet.
Have you got me all dressed up for this bullshit?
If you want out of the bet, you can always beg me.
There's no need for the dramatics.
Jada's clearly sick.
Let's just be nice, shall we?
Let's enjoy the moment.
Why are you always defending her, darling?
Have you forgotten which one of us you're actually married to?
How about a toast?
I feel a return, darling.
Sure.
Okay, it's short.
It's my return.
You're not Irene.
The real Irene is allergic to red wine.
This woman is an imposter trying to steal admiral.
How evil?
Pretending to be Irene and playing with my heart.
So easily they used stupid fruit.
Now I've got everything.
You know, he was spending the rest of your life in prison.
Reporter? Reporters? Where are the reporters?
Who ever you are, hand over admiral?
Or we'll share this information to everyone.
You spend the rest of your life in prison.
And before getting into prison, you better remember to fill the terms of the bet.
Eatly nude.
You become prison's biggest star.
My prison's biggest porn star.
Once you're naked, somewhere with your tycoon, Mike, I'm calling.
And you'll finally be able to be rich thing.
Who's that so?
Oh no.
I forgot about the allergy.
I need to find a way out.
She got nothing to say.
Darling, you're so forgetful.
Don't you remember?
I treated my allergy months ago.
You're talking about not possible.
You were with me at the hospital.
What do you people believe?
Us, Irene's husband and best friend.
Are you?
You're no bitch.
I want this video everywhere.
I want everyone to see what a fraud she is.
OK?
Yeah, yes, sir.
But, erm...
See, you've got the restaurants and networks down the video.
Then we'll upload.
What?
Are you the Jika Woods?
Eat you baboon!
Do something!
Get me that!
It's a prettiest book.
Who helped me?
Could it be Daniel?
This was you, isn't it, Daniel?
This was you.
I've been sat here the whole time, you idiot.
How could I've turned off a signal?
You're worried that we're going to expose you, aren't you?
She's nervous.
I saw the reporters when I walked in.
You know, scheming's got to be a little worse.
Looks like Jada's acting.
Oh, clearly those lessons aren't paying off.
Shh!
Not your tip!
Jada, calm down!
Bill!
It's OK, Jada!
Oh, hell of this!
It's big talk there for a liar, isn't it?
Huh?
If you hadn't drunk the rent wire and been so obvious,
you would have fallen right into our damn trap, would you?
That doesn't prove anything.
You know, you don't scare me, you two,
but you are quite entertaining.
A lot of clowns.
Drinking the red wine confirmed you're not angry at.
Darling, what's wrong? Don't you believe me?
God, the crap will you? I won't prove!
She came down and she has no proof.
All right, let's just drink it out.
He who asserts must provide proof.
You know, this hasn't been a very promising lunch.
And I'd rather lost my opportunity to give back.
You get here?
Goodie, it's you.
She's showing up at the right moment, aren't you?
Someone's going to save the day from your muppets.
Throwing wine bottles and pulling out of the bet.
What will the public think when this gets out?
You filthy bitch!
Stop stalling! Okay, we still haven't had proof that you're not angry at all.
Says who?
Irene Chirder, allergies months ago.
Possible!
There you go.
There's further proof.
So, no nudes and certainly no shares for either of you.
Must be a fake report.
The only fake thing here is you two money grabbing morons.
Lost, will you?
You're really my goddamn oxygen, Darling!
Oh, Jacob, what's free?
What's free is that?
Don't worry about that, let's go.
Green!
Just you wait.
You're not going to wait that easily.
I said we shouldn't meet again.
Never even forget about that.
I want to help you.
Think it'll be for me.
Where's your ring?
We've given it to someone else.
This is the Duke of what's free is free.
It's allowed you to control all the resources in the city.
Oh no.
I hope Jayden didn't take it.
No, I know.
My sister gave you the ring.
And that's why it's so important to you.
My father actually gave it to me.
Father are giving us thundering.
What are you?
Royalty?
My dad's into family traditions.
Mary, since I've been away, I've been secretly protecting you.
After all, Gwen and Jayden are ruthless.
I don't need your protection.
I would never forgive myself if anything happened to you today.
You know what?
Defend myself just fine.
And you know what else?
Look at this.
Yeah.
I saw this.
It's a photo of my sister on your phone.
Yeah.
If you don't feel guilty about me, feel guilty about her.
Look at me.
When you look at me in my eyes.
Are you seeing Mary?
Or are you seeing Irene?
Are you laughing?
Joke to you.
Let me answer.
You're in love with my sister.
And I'm just some kind of...
Stand in.
Mary, you have got this all wrong.
You've got a screensaver of my sister.
And I've got it wrong.
Mary, person to me, please.
Can you just listen to me?
Oh, yes.
My sister's room.
And talk about your feelings for her.
I'm nobody's substitute.
You are no one's substitute.
You are yourself unique and irreplaceable.
So don't ever say that.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
This is just some trick.
But guess what?
I'm not falling for it.
Mary, my feelings for Irene are what you think.
I just admire the way Irene.
You admire her.
You think about her when we're together.
It's fucking sick actually.
Mary, let me finish.
Please.
Just let me finish.
Mary, please.
Don't.
Just look.
Look.
Look closer.
What?
It's not Irene.
It's you.
I'm all in the air load.
My favorite spot to kiss.
Really some mold.
What about you and my sister?
My feelings for Irene are purely admiration.
There has never been a replacement, Mary.
I only love you.
Then why did you laugh just now?
I was happy to see you get so emotional for me.
I didn't actually think I could make you that mad.
I'm sorry.
You said you loved me.
It's a pretty serious word.
My feelings for you are just a serious.
Mary, you've got to trust me.
My heart is only for you.
Okay.
From now on, you can't keep any secrets, okay?
You can't keep anything from me.
I promise.
You promised to be my puppy.
I didn't know you were going to act like one.
I'm not just just a secret little puppy, remember?
I'm your secret lover.
Fucking up my plans.
I don't know.
I'm just still with this woman myself.
You're home early, darling.
Are you here with more evidence?
To prove I'm an imposter?
Don't you dare deceive me.
Look, make it up too cold.
Look, it's lunch tomorrow.
I have an appointment at 12 noon tomorrow.
Maybe you see her, keeps you very busy.
If she wouldn't know anything about me, you see her.
Darling, wait.
I've got a surprise for you.
Aren't you curious?
I'll see if I can move my schedule around.
How about that?
Wonderful.
I look forward to it.
See if I can move me.
Soon be mine.
Just you wait.
It's good.
You look beautiful, come in.
It's been so long since we've had lunch together.
Here.
I don't have time for Chit Chat.
Can we get to the point?
There's something I want to discuss with you as a couple, right?
Not with the presence of an outsider.
Will you get lost, boy?
Daniel, take a seat.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Picking's diabolical.
Does everything you touch turn to shit?
Bye.
Maybe if you don't want any, your lap dog will.
You hoo.
Grow up, Gwen.
Don't you bark when your master brings you food?
Go on, bark!
Don't you think you're being a bit rough with my guest?
What are you calling me, guest?
He's not a guest.
He's an assistant, though.
A shit muncher.
Tracy?
I paid for it.
Yes, we did.
Still!
Wouldn't do that.
Let him go.
Let's see if he's got the balls to murder his wife.
Darling, your expression's just now quite frightening.
I remember seeing it somewhere on a rooftop.
I was on a rooftop.
And someone tapped me on the shoulder.
And I saw that ugly little expression before someone gave me a push.
And I lay unconscious.
You're crazy.
That person knew, honey.
Oh, darling.
Oh, God.
I love you.
What are you saying?
You love me so much.
You wouldn't do anything like that.
You won't get a penny from me, all my company.
Come to hell, you foolish woman.
Hurry!
Must be my memory getting mixed up.
Sorry.
Maybe get some rest.
I can't rest.
Jade has been troubling me.
When do you think I should release the videos, darling?
I really want my bestie to make her splash.